## Path 1: Streamlined Purchasing for Standard SaaS Solutions

The Acquisition Team should apply professional judgment in managing the risk associated with a particular procurement. In making such determination, the team must critically question and validate the level of configuration/customization services required. Risks are unmitigated if the wrong assumptions are accepted. 

There are multiple pathways to SaaS success. These pathways give broad guidance to help Acquisition Teams make decisions. This is not a hard binary decision, but rather a framework to select the appropriate procurement pathway based on the nature of the SaaS solution.

### Standard SaaS Pathway

Four key considerations define a standard SaaS pathway:

 - **Price is the Primary Consideration** - The acquisition prioritizes cost-effectiveness while ensuring the solution meets basic technical and security requirements.

- **Limited SaaS Configuration** - The solution requires minimal configuration, reducing complexity in deployment and integration. (Configuration is easier than customization).

- **High Probability of Authority to Operate (ATO)** - The SaaS has strong security compliance, likely FedRAMP authorization, making approval straightforward. Make sure to have a clear path to an agency ATO.

- **Limited Negotiations Needed** - The procurement process is streamlined, focusing primarily on comparing products, price and compliance, with minimal contract negotiations. Procure off GSA MAS Special Item Number (SIN) 518210C (Cloud and Cloud-Related Services) or other existing vehicles.
